The Qweak analysis package depends upon a few external software packages,
and they must be installed before you can compile this package.  They
are:
  	* ROOT
	  See http://root.cern.ch/ for downloads.
	  The analyzer has been tested with versions 5.08-00, and 5.12.00.

	* Boost Libraries
	  See http://www.boost.org/ for downloads of the source packages,
	  or an rpm distributor for your OS or precompiled packages.
	  Note that if you get the precompiled rpms, you will probably
	  need both "boost" and "boost-devel" rpms, depending on how
	  the packager has broken up the files.
	  The analyzer has been tested with versions 1.32.0 and 1.33.1
	  of the Boost libraries.

	* MySQL.

This package has been tested to compile with gcc-3.2.3 and gcc-3.4.6.
If you encounter compilation problems please send me a message describing
what problems you encountered, and what compiler you were using.


CONFIGURATION:
Just after receiving this package, please run "./SetupFiles/make_SET_ME_UP".
This script will generate a file called "SetupFiles/SET_ME_UP.csh" which
must be sourced to properly configure the environment variables required 
to compile and run QwAnalysis.

You may also modify the SET_ME_UP.csh file by hand to reset compiler or
package versions if you desire.


COMPILATION:
This package has been written to use gmake.

To compile the standard executables, do:
	gmake
from the base directory.

To change the executables, do for example:
	gmake config "EXES=qwanalysis qwparity_test"
	gmake
if you were trying to compile a new type of executable.  The configuration
will remain until the next time you do a full clean ("gmake distclean").
Doing a regular clean ("gmake clean") will not remove the hidden configuration
files.


PACKAGE LAYOUT:
The GNUMakefile is expecting a certain structure to the subdirectories
and uses that to perform the compilation configuration.
In each subdirectory containing package source files, there will be
four subdirectories:
	src
	include
	main
	prminputs
All paths like "*/include" will be included in the header file search
path.  The files in the "*/main" subdirectories will be interpreted
as corresponding to an executable.  If you add a new file in a "main"
subdirectory, you can enable compilation of it using the "gmake config"
step outlined above.
All files in the src directories are interpreted as the source files.
Only those source files on which depends one or more of the executables
will be compiled and linked into the library.  This enables easy
addition or modification of file dependencies.




There are several subdirectories within the package:
	coda
		This contains the CODA interface classes written
		for Hall A and found in the pan distribution.
		These are responsible for interfacing with CODA
		format data files, or with the ET event stream 
		for online analysis.
		As this is a copy of the Hall A subpackage, it
		does not follow the package layout conventions,
		and it has its own Makefile.

	Analysis
		This directory contains the basic classes of the
		QwAnalysis engine.  This includes a event handler
		class which can be configured to draw data from
		file of event stream, and several base classes
		used as the framework for the specialized 
		analyzers.
		Subdirectories are:
			src
			include
			main
			prminputs
	Tracking
		This directory contains the classes specific to the
		Qweak tracking analysis.
		Subdirectories are:
			src
			include
			main
			prminputs
	bin
	lib
		These will contain the executable and shared library 
		files after compilation.
	SetupFiles
		This contains scripts used in the configuration of
		the environment used for compilation and running
		the package.

